Update index.md with instructions to install plugins for helm (#92180)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/plugin-management/index.md

If you're logged in to Grafana Cloud when you add a plugin, log out and then log back in again to use the new plugin.

> ### Install plugins on a self-hosted Grafana through helm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install plugins using the Grafana Helm chart
```

> In [Helm charts](https://github.com/grafana/helm-charts/blob/79a0101296b0065b18987321b3047b8c94bc1a33/charts/grafana/values.yaml#L605), you may add the plugins you wish to install as a list

Reviewer: I think it would be more safe to link to the configuration section of the README rather than a line in the default values file. It is slightly less convenient though.

https://github.com/grafana/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/grafana#configuration
```suggestion
With the Grafana Helm chart, add the plugins you want to install as a list using the `plugins` field in the your values file. For more information about the configuration, refer to [the Helm chart configuration reference](https://github.com/grafana/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/grafana#configuration).
```

> ```
>   plugins:
>     - https://grafana.com/api/plugins/grafana-oncall-app/versions/v1.9.0/download;grafana-oncall-app # Specific version
>     - redis-datasource
> ```

Reviewer: I've tried to revise this to follow our guidelines for partial code examples: https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/style-guide/write-for-developers/#partial-code-examples

````suggestion
The following YAML snippet installs v1.9.0 of the Grafana OnCall App plugin and the Redis data source plugin.
You must incorporate this snippet within your Helm values file.

```yaml
plugins:
  - https://grafana.com/api/plugins/grafana-oncall-app/versions/v1.9.0/download;grafana-oncall-app
  - redis-datasource
```
````
